hey what's going on guys this is Kincaid
or ice rink 5am here and today I'll be
bringing you yet another black ops 2
score Street guide now in my previous
course free guide I talked about the
Warthog and today's video I'll be
talking about the VTOL warship the
gameplay that you see on screen is a 38
and for Kill Confirmed gameplay where
I'm running the Warthog the lodestar and
the VTOL warship now the VTOL warship is
one of fume and aerial kill streaks in
black ops 2 and it's unlocked very early
on in multiplayer at level 7 also the
VTOL warship is the third highest score
streak in the game requiring a score
streak of 1600 and many players would
consider this a very steep cost the
official description of the warship
simply says be the gunner of a powerful
VTOL warship but there's much more to
the killstreak than that when you're
inside of your VTOL warship there are
actually a few different functions if
you pull the left trigger you will a min
if you pull the right trigger you will
fire bullets but you can actually pull
the left button and the pilot of the
warship will move it to a different spot
on the map so that you can get a clear
view of your targets now the right
button will actually fire missiles as
well also the VTOL warship last for a
max of 55 seconds if it does not get
shot down now in multiplayer you do tend
to see the loads are being used much
more often than the VTOL warship and
that's for a good reason the lodestar
requires a score of 100 less point and
it actually gets more kills on average
than the worship by no means is the
warship a bad kill streak at all it's
just that the load stars a little bit
easier to get and just a little bit
better personally I feel that the VTOL
warship is much more fun to control than
the lodestar simply because it's a bit
more interactive and has some more
functions but one time that I would
definitely recommend using the VTOL
warship is when running the Warthog
lodestar warship set up this is a great
score streak set up and that's what I'm
using in this game and that's because if
you get your warthog you're almost
guaranteed both of your other kill
streaks and this is because the Warthog
will help you out and all you need is
just one kill to get your lodestar and
then your lodestar will definitely get
you your worship so it's an absolutely
amazing set up I really like using it
and if you
do manage to get your warthog like I
said it gets you your worship and that's
typically around another 20 25 kills in
your game so overall the VTOL warship is
slightly underpowered for the score
streak it requires but when used
correctly if you can manage to get that
score it is a very solid streak hope you
guys enjoyed the score streak guide and
if you did a like rating would be great
let's go ahead and move on to the outro
on screen now are two of my previous
videos the one on the left is my wart
hog scorestreak guide so you guys can
check that out and see how good the
Warthog really is and the one on the
right is a perk guide for the perk
engineer you can click ice rink 5am to
head right to my channel and I would
appreciate it if you could subscribe for
more content and follow me on twitter
I'll see you all next video